Add documentation for CI Jobs Failure Analysis in CI Visibility (#28044)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/guides/_index.md

    {{< nextlink href="/continuous_integration/guides/infrastructure_metrics_with_gitlab" >}}Correlating Infrastructure Metrics with GitLab Jobs in Datadog{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/account_management/billing/ci_visibility/" >}}CI Visibility Billing Considerations{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/continuous_integration/guides/identify_highest_impact_jobs_with_critical_path/" >}}Identify CI Jobs on the Critical Path to Reduce the Pipeline Duration{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="/continuous_integration/guides/use_ci_jobs_failure_analysis/" >}}Use CI jobs failure analysis to identify the most common root cause in your failed CI jobs{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/continuous_integration/guides/use_ci_jobs_failure_analysis/" >}} Use CI jobs failure analysis to identify root causes in failed jobs{{< /nextlink >}}
```
